Don't let Zi Ang see this
In case his mood is extremely short, it will undoubtedly affect his condition
No, he can definitely handle the news
I don't understand. Is the news true?
Mr. Gu
Are you really with that escort girl?
Vice President
What is your relationship with Miss Lin?
I know you've been affected by the Bush rumors lately
There are some misunderstandings about my relationship with this lady next to me
Miss Lin
It's actually my secretary
I miss you, you bitch.
You wait for me.
Mr. Gu, why did you tell the reporter just now?
Say I'm your secretary?
Why didn't you ask my permission?
Say something like this
Mr. Gu
Why do you decide other people's lives like this?
Why?
Just because I'm addicted
You don't want to be tied up with someone like me
Don't you just want money?
I fulfill you
I can't imagine how much money I will satisfy you.